One day a boy named Jon was heading home after school. Unlike other days, he headed back at a later time today due to his fencing club practices.
As he had many assignments due on the day, he decided to take a quicker path, a way through a forest which cuts right into the backdoor of his house.
The journey was simple and easy as Jon always played in this forest eversince he was a child, he knew the lands like they were his own home.
As Jon's house reached in his sight, suddenly he heard an eerie sound coming from the depths of the forest.
But with his house right in sight, Jon pounders, if he should investigate the mysterious sound or not.

At first, Jon thought little of the noise, and proceeded back into his home to do his school work. However, he realized that he could not concentrate on
anything until he went and saw what had caused that strange sound. As he had watched many films that started like this, he decided to arm himself with a baseball
bat that was hanging on his well. One could never be to careful, he thought as he snatched it up. Heading out the back door of his house, he started to make his way 
towards the tree-line. He stopped right where he had heard the sound before, and stared into the depths of the woods, unsure of how to proceed. It was just then, 
that something amazing happened.

Amazed by the thing that had just happened, Jon ran into the forest. He found that the event was so amazing, so unprecedented, that he could not even find the words to 
describe it. "How is this possible?" Jon thought to himself as he rushed through the trees. He had never seen anything like that. As far as he knew, something like that 
should be impossible! "I have to go deeper into the forest and uncover the truth!" And as he continued, he began to hear that same sound that he had heard earlier in the 
day. Jon followed it, and it grew louder and louder until it was almost deafening. Still he continued, until finally, the sound abruptly stopped, and he did too. Jon 
suddenly realized that he had no source of light, only a baseball bat. He also realized that he had no clue where he was, except that he knew he was very deep within the 
woods. It was in this way that the forest claimed another victim.
